README.md, before:

# KHUB-KHAO RECOMMENDER

![bg](khubkhaoapp/static/khubkhaoapp/images/bg.png)

- Status of last [Travis CI build](https://travis-ci.org/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender): [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender)

- Status of all columns [Waffle Badge](https://waffle.io/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender): [![Waffle.io - Columns and their card count](https://badge.waffle.io/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender.svg?columns=all)](https://waffle.io/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender)

**Table of contents**
- [Description](#description)
- [Team members](#team-members)
- [Documents](#documents)
- [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
- [How to Run](#how-to-run)


## Description
**Khub-Khao Recommender** is a web application which will be a food recommender that based on criteria specified by the user. The intended users are everyone that can’t decided what to eat. The main features are get criteria specified by the user then analyze and show foods in the category based on the requirement, show rating of foods from our server and users able to rate foods if they want.


## Team members
Team members | GitHub | Role(s)
-------------|--------|----------
Vichakorn Yotboonrueang | [**Newaz2542**](https://github.com/Newaz2542) | Team Leader, Developer
Kunyaruk Katebunlu | [**NokKbl**](https://github.com/NokKbl) | Developer
Kornphon Noiprasert | [**Driveiei**](https://github.com/Driveiei) | Developer


## Documents
- **Iteration plan**: [Iteration plan and details](https://github.com/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender/wiki/Iteration-plan-and-details)
- **Task board**: [Task board on Waffle](https://waffle.io/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender)
- **Issue tracking**: [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender/issues)
- **Others**: [Our GitHub Wiki](https://github.com/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender/wiki)


## Installation Instructions
**1. Install Python and virtualenv.**
- **Python** (v.3.6.6 or newer)
    * The official download site: https://www.python.org/downloads/

- **Virtual Environment**
    ```bash
    $ pip install virtualenv
    ```
    For more information: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/

**2. Install project and configuration.**
1. Open **Terminal** and clone the project from [KhubKhao-Recommender](https://github.com/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender.git).
    ```bash
    $ git clone https://github.com/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender.git
    ```
2. Change your current working directory into `khubkhao-recommender` folder and create a new virtual environment.
    ```bash
    $ cd khubkhao-recommender
    $ virtualenv env
    ```
3. Activate the virtual environment.
    ```bash
    # For MacOS and Linux
    $ source ./env/bin/activate

    # For Windows
    $ .\env\Scripts\activate
    ```
4. Install all required software in `requirements.txt` file.
    ```bash
    (env)$ pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```


## How to run
**Run the following commands to make migrations, apply migrate, add seed data and run server.**
1. Make migrations.
    ```bash
    (env)$ python manage.py makemigrations
    ```
2. Apply the migrations.
    ```bash
    (env)$ python manage.py migrate
    ```
3. Add seed data to database.
    ```bash
    (env)$ python manage.py loaddata seed.json
    ```
4. Run server at [localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000).
    ```bash
    (env)$ python manage.py runserver
    ```
* If you want to login into admin site at [localhost:8000/admin](http://localhost:8000/admin), you can do it by create superuser.
    ```bash
    (env)$ python manage.py createsuperuser
    ```
**When done, exit virtualenv.**
```bash
(env)$ deactivate
```

Commit message:

Add email and password of social account for tester

README.md, after:

# KHUB-KHAO RECOMMENDER

![bg](khubkhaoapp/static/khubkhaoapp/images/bg.png)

- Status of last [Travis CI build](https://travis-ci.org/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender): [![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender)

- Status of all columns [Waffle Badge](https://waffle.io/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender): [![Waffle.io - Columns and their card count](https://badge.waffle.io/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender.svg?columns=all)](https://waffle.io/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender)

**Table of contents**
- [Description](#description)
- [Team members](#team-members)
- [Documents](#documents)
- [Installation Instructions](#installation-instructions)
- [How to Run](#how-to-run)


## Description
**Khub-Khao Recommender** is a web application which will be a food recommender that based on criteria specified by the user. The intended users are everyone that can’t decided what to eat. The main features are get criteria specified by the user then analyze and show foods in the category based on the requirement, show rating of foods from our server and users able to rate foods if they want.


## Team members
Team members | GitHub | Role(s)
-------------|--------|----------
Vichakorn Yotboonrueang | [**Newaz2542**](https://github.com/Newaz2542) | Team Leader, Developer
Kunyaruk Katebunlu | [**NokKbl**](https://github.com/NokKbl) | Developer
Kornphon Noiprasert | [**Driveiei**](https://github.com/Driveiei) | Developer


## Documents
- **Iteration plan**: [Iteration plan and details](https://github.com/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender/wiki/Iteration-plan-and-details)
- **Task board**: [Task board on Waffle](https://waffle.io/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender)
- **Issue tracking**: [GitHub issue tracker](https://github.com/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender/issues)
- **Others**: [Our GitHub Wiki](https://github.com/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender/wiki)


## Installation Instructions
**1. Install Python and virtualenv.**
- **Python** (v.3.6.6 or newer)
    * The official download site: https://www.python.org/downloads/

- **Virtual Environment**
    ```bash
    $ pip install virtualenv
    ```
    For more information: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/en/latest/

**2. Install project and configuration.**
1. Open **Terminal** and clone the project from [KhubKhao-Recommender](https://github.com/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender.git).
    ```bash
    $ git clone https://github.com/NokKbl/khubkhao-recommender.git
    ```
2. Change your current working directory into `khubkhao-recommender` folder and create a new virtual environment.
    ```bash
    $ cd khubkhao-recommender
    $ virtualenv env
    ```
3. Activate the virtual environment.
    ```bash
    # For MacOS and Linux
    $ source ./env/bin/activate

    # For Windows
    $ .\env\Scripts\activate
    ```
4. Install all required software in `requirements.txt` file.
    ```bash
    (env)$ pip install -r requirements.txt
    ```


## How to run
**Run the following commands to make migrations, apply migrate, add seed data and run server.**
1. Make migrations.
    ```bash
    (env)$ python manage.py makemigrations
    ```
2. Apply the migrations.
    ```bash
    (env)$ python manage.py migrate
    ```
3. Add seed data to database.
    ```bash
    (env)$ python manage.py loaddata seed.json
    ```
4. Run server at [localhost:8000](http://localhost:8000).
    ```bash
    (env)$ python manage.py runserver
    ```
**Social account for Tester** (include Facebook, Twitter and Google Plus)
- **Email:** devtester018@gmail.com
- **Password:** DevTester2018

**If you want to login into admin site at [localhost:8000/admin](http://localhost:8000/admin), you can do it by create superuser.**
```bash
(env)$ python manage.py createsuperuser
```

**When done, exit virtualenv.**
```bash
(env)$ deactivate
```
